Current size used on Kongregate - 1000 x 700  (for some reason index and main don't match up the way I think they should)
Dev Server use: > npm start

12/7/2019 - changes since last update on Kong: 
fix cutscenes at fight, admin, and end, single function for cutscenes, fight reset, design changes
single function to keep track of cutscenes
01/18/2020 - changes since last update on Git: 
main design changes, mining improvements


To Do   
------ 
Improve overall design
Add the Concentration Wall
Add BookOfNames game piece



Story Pieces
-----------------------------
1.
You awake in the dark, the waters of forgetfulness still damp upon your lips. 
You have a sense of having lost something. You were on your way somewhere important...

2.
You look around. A very faint glow comes from somewhere to your left. You see a 
shadow on the ground in that direction. It stires and murmurs slightly. You think it's 
another person. You hear a groan behind you and the shadow of a huge man stumbles 
to his feet and staggers towards the faint light. You realize the glow is a doorway. The
man blocks most of the glow as he passes through and then out of sight. You get to your 
feet but choose to explore the space you are in. The person you first saw gets up and 
without a backward glance goes out through the door. You see someone else that you 
hadn't noticed before who similarly struggles to their feet and seeming to be in a daze, 
they also leave the room without acknowledging you or looking around them at all. 

3.
You find the room is a large underground cavern of dark stone. There is a single large, 
rough doorway cut into the stone. As you explore, several other people appear out of 
nowhere and wander out the door.

4.
A vision of a goddess appears to you. 'You are special and I will help you escape. First 
make your way across the great empty plains where the souls of the dead wander.' She 
disappears and you are alone in the cave.

5.
The souls of the dead are crowded here, blocking your way as far as your eyes can see. They look at you
and you hear whispering..
"So hungry...", "Everything is nothingness...", "Oh for the taste of food again...", 
"What was it like to feel, to taste...", "So hungry..."
Their eyes are pleading to you. You think if you found even a single bit of food for each of them that
they would be satisfied and let you pass.
Search and find 100 bites of food.

6.
You pass out the small morsals of food. The souls of the dead seem to hold the bite of food in their
mouths, savoring the experience of tasting something again. They part the way, making a path for you to 
walk through.

7. 
You encounter two of Death's minons. They are humanoid in shape. They are very large, with rough gray skin.
Their eyes are orangish red and they are dressed in leathery armor. They block your way.
"Where are you going human? Why should we let you pass?"
This sounds like you may be able to persuade them. 
"What could I do to earn my way through?" you ask them.
"Oh, a human that bargains. Well the thing we like most is gemstones. Death won't let us in the gemstone fields 
but maybe you can get some."
Mine 5 gems.

8.
You return with the gemstones. The minons eyes are large with surprize and pleasure. 
"Very well human, you may pass."
They move out of the way.

9.
Death has sent an army of minon's against you. These are smaller than those you encountered before but there
are quite a few of them. They are coming at you from all sides.


10.
Here rests a single huge book on a pedistal. It is far larger than any other book you have ever seen. You struggle
to try and lift it open. You feel a faint breeze and a slight tingling around your hands. You are able to open it
now.
You see a strange grid with some letters. You sense it speak into your mind.
"Place the letters A-H into the grid so that any single line top to bottom or side to side contains all letters 
and no duplicates. This will unlock the list of names of those who reside among the living."

11.
You solve the puzzle and unlock the list of names. You write your name in the book and see a door you hadn't 
noticed before in the wall to the north.

12.
There is a tremendous light here. You have escaped from the mountain but you sense a wall before you. You
will have to find a way to pass through before you can fully return to life.

13.
The goddess appears. 
"You have done very well. I commend you. However, there is one final task. This wall is within your own mind. 
You cannot return to consciousness without passing through it. It will take great concentration. I hope
you can do it."
The goddess disappears.
You focus your attention on the wall. You think you can perceive a path of sorts but it seems almost to shift
within a kalidoscope of shapes and colors. 
Press the arrow keys when you see the word corresponding to the direction. If you miss one or take a wrong turn
you will have to start over.

14.
You have broken through the wall! You take a deep breath and blink your eyes. There are clouds above you and you
are lying on the ground. Someone is speaking.
"They're alive!"
"You're going to be Ok, everything is going to be Ok."
You've returned from the mountain. You get a second chance at life.



Locations:
--------------
Fortress:

Entry Way - The floor is smooth, black obsideon. Dark, red and black banners hang on the wall. Lanterns
light the place, casting deep shadows and filling the room with a smell of kerosene mixed with sulfur. Ahead
is a large room.

The great hall - three long tables fill this area and the surrounding space. They are made of smooth, dark gray
stone with iron inlayed around the edges. There is nothing on the tables. Each has a number of fine looking, heavy
wooden chairs around it. Hanging from the ceiling are two huge chandeliers filled with candles.

Part of the great hall - three long tables fill this area and the surrounding space. A tapestry on the east wall
displays a battle scene.

Fireplace in the great hall - three long tables fill this area and the surrounding space. An enormous fireplace fills 
the east wall. The exterior is simple, heavy dark wood, but the interior is lined with skulls cemented together. The
fire is not lit.

Part of the great hall - three long tables fill this area and the surrounding space. A door to the west leads into 
the kitchens.

The kitchen - here is an enormous kitchen with a great central island, baking ovens, cooktops and wash sinks. Nothing is 
being prepared. It doesn't look like it's been used in a long time.

The pantry - There is very little in here. Apparently Death doesn't host a lot of dinner parties.


Rocky Wastes:

You enter the rocky wastes. This area looks bleak and desolate. It stretches a long distance. The cavern ceiling 
is high above and Death's fortress looms close to one side. There is a single path through a field of boulders, 
some of which look blasted and scorched in some way.

The cavern starts to narrow here. The ceiling is only 20 feet or so above and the trail seems to be leading somewhere.

You see a large stone building ahead with columns out front. It looks ancient but also like it is well 
kept and probably still in use. There is a huge wooden door 10 feet tall and a short wooden door 4 feet tall.

You enter what clearly seems to be an administrative building of some sort. Large wooden desks line each side of
the room. There are wooden cabinents and drawers and large, leather bound books. A few administrative minons are
here. They are only about three feet tall, with creamy yellow skin and big ears. They seem vaguely curious about
you but mostly they are preoccupied with their work.


Maze:
Ahead of you is a tunnel into the black rock. You think this might be the way out.

You enter a maze. The tunnel branches here.

You see a bright light ahead. You have found the way out of Deaths mountain!



Advanced Features
-----------------
Let them choose from one of five roles:
Lover - ring of love
Freedom Fighter - power aura
Parent - candle
Prince - septure of law
Scientist - compass
each role has a different goddess helping them, tools to escape, and storyline

choose male or female 
choose easy, medium, hard

5 steps to escape:
Move through blocking people and minons - gather resources (more on hard)
	Minons want gem stones you can mine for
	Humans want bread
	ring of love makes humans part way for you without resources
Fight minions - very simple graphics, face them and hit a key to slash and kill them
	(more on hard, two slashes to kill), power aura kills all nearby (auto fires when full)
Sudoku like puzzle - use a name with 7-9 letters and use them to fill a grid (less filled hard)
	scepter of law wins a administrative minon to your cause, it fills in some blanks as you go
Maze - chased by death (faster on hard), candle helps guide the way
	if you fail you are transported back but the other challenges are very easy the second time
Concentration Wall - alpha numeric text scrolls by (faster on hard), 
	inside are words: up, down, left, right
	click arrows in correct order to break through
	compass helps quide the way


Troubleshooting
-- Minons weren't being removed from fight board after capture
  -- I hadn't cleared the interval calling moveMinons() and I set attack = true; in setupFight() instead of startFight()